Guys. Enough of the random searching.
It is time to approach the Police.
I think you're forgetting
that we are running from the Police.
Yes, but how would the local
Police know about Rajasthan, Baba?
I don't think they talk.
They know we are in Calcutta.
What?
- How?
Mom said they showed it on the news.
Someone even showed
our photo at the market.
Did mom tell you how I looked?
One minute.
Let's be practical here.
Pranav came to Gangtok from Kolkata.
Why?
- Think about why he came.
Does he have a connection with Gangtok?
Does he have an uncle
here too with whom he is close?
The momos here are good.
- Keep your mouth shut.
He's a foodie.
If he can go to Calcutta
for sweet dumplings..
..can't he come here for momos?
I can't think of any connection
as such with Gangtok.
Pranav ran away from home.
Why?
Because your book made his life hell.
- Right.
Sorry about that.
So he ran away to..
Kill himself.
To get away from everything, I guess.
Why here?
He could have gone further away from here.
Nepal.
Even gambling is legal over there.
Gambling is legal over here too.
Sure, but our currency
is strong over there, Baba.
He is not fond of gambling.
- Oh.
Then, it's Bhutan.
Everyone is happy over there.
He must have gone looking for happiness.
What is Gangtok famous for?
Tea.
Natural beauty.
- Where are we going with this, brother?
Organic farming.
Carpets.
Buddhism.
Ginger flavored liquor.
Wait.
He has come here to hide.
For peace of mind.
I saw a book on chanting on his bookshelf.
He was talking about making
a documentary when we were dating.
Crap!
The answer is in front of us.
Yeah!
What?
Monks?
Pranav was eating momos
in peace over here..
..when these beggars cast
a spell and kidnapped him.
Look at what's next to
the bag of the one on the left.
See.
I was right.
They even stole his sweet
dumplings after killing Pranav.
Go and pay the bill.
I'm going to talk to them.
Baba.
I know how to talk to these people.
Go and clear the bill first.
Then you can talk.
Sure?
- Yes.
I'm also coming.
Baba.
Money.
Come.
Baba, where are we going?
- Ranka monastery.
Why?
That tin was recycled from
the garbage over there just this week.
Is Pranav's dead body over there?
Shut up, Chits!
Damn!
Even the local Police are coming here.
You keep your mouth shut.
- Yeah.
Now what?
- I'll handle this.
How?
Chit's got a special set of skills.
What?
- Don't take a risk.
What is he doing?
Excuse me.
Greetings.
How do we get to Ranka monastery?
How does he manage this every time?
Is he speaking Nepali?
Ranka.
- Oh!
He always creates a mess.
I..
What are you doing?
- Escaping. God damn it!
But, Chitwan?
- He keeps going to jail.
He won't have a problem.
Brother, I'm a friend.
(Nepali)
Bring the vehicle.
Get off.
What do you mean?
I think this unpaved
road leads to the monastery.
Go and look for Pranav.
And you?
- Just get out.
I shall distract them.
Excuse me.
My husband.
Have you seen him?
Ask him?
Okay.
Thank you.
Pranav?
Chanchal.
So nice to see you.
Pranav.
- No attachments.
What?
Anyway, now that you're found,
you will return and
sort everything, right?
Return?
No, Chanchal.
This is my home now.
What?
Pranav, have you lost your mind?
I have found my mind.
And inner peace.
What is wrong with you?
The outside world is wrong, Chanchal.
Here, everything is right.
What about your family?
What about your people?
What about us?
I have thought about us.
You come here too, Chanchal.
Come here now.
I want to light the candles.
Side. Please.
You found me.
Now find yourself.
Found her.
Here!
Well, we found all three.
Chandan sa badan, chanchal, chitwan.
I always hated that song very much.
Hated that song.
To hell with your hatred.
Here's Pranav.
Brother-in-law?
She is lying.
This is not Pranav.
You are right.
I am not Pranav.
You see?
What the hell are you doing?
- Chanchal. Language.
To hell with my language.
What are you saying?
There is no Pranav over here.
My name is Mantramukt.
Pranav?
- No, brother Chandan.
Mantramukt.
Pranav, please stop talking
nonsense and tell them who you are.
Else they will put me
behind bars for your murder.
Yes.
This is brother-in-law.
Nice look, brother-in-law.
You look like a bald Harry Potter.
All of them are in cahoots.
Pranav is dead.
You're right.
Pranav is no longer in this world.
- Pranav!
Come to your senses, brother.
- I've come to my senses after many years.
Hey, India's Dr. Stein!
We are in trouble here..
..and all you can think
of now is mysticism?
I think he's upset about the book.
Baba, apologize to him.
Okay.
Pranav, I'm sorry about Tripling.
Stop their family discussion!
Please arrest her.
Please don't do this.
I really need you right now.
Need is the enemy of man.
Pranav, it was a goddamn joke, man!
It wasn't even my joke.
It was his joke.
How was it my joke?
I said it seriously.
Didn't you say brother-in-law is impotent?
I did not tell you to
write it in the book, Baba.
You said something and I wrote it.
Man's thoughts are...
I am writing a book.
I am earning money.
Anger is man's worst enemy.
Please shut up!
I'm pregnant, goddamn it!
Huh?
I'm pregnant.
Nice try, Chanchal.
Didn't you tell this
lie the last time as well?
Yes, Chanchu.
The same trick does not
work on the same audience.
Please! Arrest her!
Stop!
Don't anybody dare to touch my wife!
Release her brothers too.
Right now!
Pranav?
You should be ashamed of yourself,
sister-in-law?
You stooped so low for position?
I feel disgust for you!
Disgust?
- Hatred.
Make arrangements for my return.
Pranav.
Will you please lower
the standard of your Hindi?
This is not the Northwest.
It is the Northeast.
Sir, he says, "Let go off his hand."
He is alive.
So everything is fine.
We understand, Baba.
Thank you.
Can one smoke here?
I'm sorry.
What are these glasses?
- It created a look.
They're not numbered.
Brother-in-law is impotent.
Ultimate, lively, entertaining,
super duper all time blockbuster!
Baba, you're too beautiful.
It is the best of Bollywood.
It covers all genres.
Very good!
Fantastic!
Baba is beautiful.
Chitwan has acted very well.
Even I am going to dye my hair green.
Brother-in-law is impotent!
It's a fantastic movie!
Chitwan is..
We love you, Chitwan!
I think it will earn 250 crores.
Baba, you're beautiful!
I love you.
Four star.
Ten star out of five.
Take them all.
Surely they deserve four to five stars.
Chandan, Chanchal,
Chitwan, welcome to the show.
Thank you.
- Congratulations on the film.
- Thank you so much for having us.
You know I tend to talk
to actors and filmmakers usually..
..but this time I'm talking to
people on whose life a movie is based.
And it's not even like
y'all are achievers..
..or sportsmen or great leaders.
Y'all are average Joe's.
Regular people.
Yeah, we are pretty..
..regular.
Well, I'm royalty.
So..
Not regular.
You know, I liked the film.
I enjoyed the film.
I think the banter between
the siblings really works.
It seems kind of real.
It makes the film lively.
But, you guys really abuse each other.
Yeah, I mean, you know, when
I was writing the book, so I thought..
I did not want to portray
a very sanitized relationship..
..between siblings, you know.
I wanted to portray a very
realistic and raw relationship.
Swear words and all..
- Yeah.
Swearing just happens.
Dad has been swearing
at me since I was young.
She has been swearing
at me since the day I was born.
When siblings fight there's
bound to be swearing, right?
Not really.
When fighting with
your siblings you never..?
No. Not really.
But anyway, you know, it's nice.
I like it. It's fun.
What I want to ask you is,
ya'll don't seem particularly connected.
Ya'll don't really stay in touch.
There's not a lot of
connection between ya'll.
Little bit, you know.
We stay in touch, you know.
I mean, we connect and call on and off.
We touch base, you know.
See. The important thing is that
we're always there for each other.
Yeah.
- Always.
I wanna ask you,
are you not concerned, Chandan?
First the book, now the film.
No offence, but..
..you know, people might think
of ya'll as a whacked out family.
Possibly even,
you know, borderline dysfunctional.
No.
I don't think so.
I mean, my father always told me that..
..family is the only thing that
can afford to be dysfunctional, you know.
It's like this mattress that
you know you can fall back on.
It's always there.
Whenever you're in crisis..
..you know that your family is
going to stand by you and support you.
You know, the thing is,
only family supports you during a crisis.
That's nicely put.
- Thanks.
That's my line.
Yeah. He said that once.
Even the guy said it well in the film.
That chap..
Yeah.
The hero.
He's very good.
He said it well.
Nice.
You seem to like the film.
- Yeah, I like it.
He could have had a little more swag.
Right?
He's very nice.
I like him.
Chandan, what do you think of the film?
I quite like the film.
The thing is, it's very well made.
Of course,
when they were making the film..
..there were some
creative differences but..
..finally the end
product is so well made..
I hate the film.
What was that?
- I hate the film.
I'm sorry.
I can't pretend anymore.
I just hated it.
You know, when I read his book,
I thought, that's nonsense..
..and I thought it was
really crappy but that was okay.
It was average.
The film is absolutely absurd!
- Really?
It's a bestseller.
I mean, I don't understand how is it
making so much money at the box-office.
I mean, just think of it.
It's sexist. It's crude.
It's just so..
I mean, you know it's looking like..
..I'm some widowed daughter-in-law
or something from a soap opera.
So say you have a problem
with the casting, Chanchu.
You don't like the girl.
- Yeah.
What the hell is the casting!
The film is fine.
- It is a little off.
He is looking like the hero.
- Yes.
And he's not supposed
to be the hero of the film.
Yeah, he's looking like..
No, of course.
You're not.
Why are you looking like the hero?
They should have actually
cast the hero for my part.
Nobody is the hero here.
- I am the hero.
They will cast someone boring
for a boring character won't they?
They really needed to get
someone who looks like royalty.
You know,
someone who commands that presence.
You're not royalty.
Of course, I'm a royal.
What do you mean I'm not royalty?
How can you be royalty?
- Of course, I'm royalty.
Look at this royal baby I'm carrying here.
Who is the real hero in the film?